==Frequently Asked Questions for FM11SX==


*Q)* What is FM11SX?

*A)* It is a Mac OS X "in game" editor and scout for the game Football Manager 2011.  PLEASE NOTE: The program is currently in beta and some functionality is not yet complete.


*Q)* How do I get the program (or updates)?

*A)* Visit the [http://code.google.com/p/fmsx/ project page ].  Binaries are listed in the Downloads tab, Source is available under the Source tab (clever huh?)


*Q)* Is there any other places to get info on this?

*A)* There is a very lengthy thread [http://community.sigames.com/showthread.php/238675-Fm11sx here] that has additional info.


*Q)* What platforms does it run on?

*A)* It was designed for Mac OS X 10.5.x and 10.6.x (meaning Leopard and Snow Leopard).  It is theoretically possible to run OS X apps on Linux but this has NOT been tested NOR supported.  It cannot run on Windoze.


*Q)* Does it work on previous versions of Football Manager?

*A)* No.  It requires FM2011.


*Q)* "This is the greatest thing on the Mac since…er….the Mac.  Is there a way I can contribute?"

*A)* This is an open source project and you are welcome to contact littleblue to ask if there is anything she needs in terms of help coding.  Additionally any testing you can do on your own games (posting any bugs you find) is *very* valuable. 


*Q)* Can I donate to the project?

*A)* If you wish to donate to the project you can click the button below

[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=aoumi83%40gmail%2ecom&lc=GB&item_name=FM11SX&currency_code=GBP https://www.paypal.com/en_GB/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif]


*Q)* I've found a bug.  How do I contact the developers?

*A)* Visit the [http://code.google.com/p/fmsx/ project page ] under the Issues tab you may add bug reports, issues, etc.


*Q)* "This thing doesn't work!"

*A)* Okay, that's not really a question but it deserves an answer nevertheless.  Keep in mind this is *BETA* software.  That means there will be a bunch of stuff that doesn't quite work as it should and plenty of bugs.  If you want perfectly running software then wait until the final release is available.


*Q)* When I try to save a game file it says, "Game can not be saved. Only non-compressed save games can be saved at the moment " What does that mean?

*A)* Currently only non-compressed game files can be saved in the editor.  You need to uncheck the "Compress Save Games" option within the preferences of FM2011 (that's in the game itself, not the preferences of the editor).


*Q)* Is the source available?

*A)* Yes.  The project code is open source under the GNU General Public License v3.


*Q)* How do I do xxxxxx?  Or where's the manual?

*A)* The project is currently in beta and so is the manual.  However, some of the documentation is done and it is available here on the wiki.  It is the plan to have it completed at the time of final release of the program.


*Q)* Is it localized in any other languages?

*A)* Yes.  Currently it is localized in Japanese, Brazilian Portuguese, and French.  If you wish to help translate it into other languages see [http://code.google.com/p/fmsx/source/browse/trunk/en.lproj/Localizable.strings localized strings]
and start translating the english text into your language.
e.g. "English" = "English" you would change into "English" = "英語" for Japanese

The text in comments like this: /* some comment */ is a message to you so you know what you are translating and this comment does not need translating

To help out on an existing language, visit the links above and translate any untranslated strings and let me know by email or on the googlecode page so i can add your translations to the project

You DO NOT have to translate everything in the file before you can let me know about it. If you just have 5 minutes and want to translate 2 or 3 words, just choose 2 or 3 untranslated words and send them to me and thats 2 or 3 more complete 


*Q)* Where can I find out more information about recent changes?

*A)* Visit the  [http://code.google.com/p/fmsx/ project page ].  Changes/revisions are listed under the Project Home tab under the "Updates" link.


*Q)* Is it true this program was made by a woman?

*A)* Yep.  That's probably why it's so good.